opening night at the Ridgefield studio
Playhouse is the culmination of months
of hard work and dedication to the art
of theater
it is the only way to achieve such
precise execution you stop right
Oh Derek Logan I work with the weekly
Harold I was wondering if I could speak
with the woman who played the Queen they
already seen Sarah I think she's still
upstairs I'll go get her did anyone just
hear that you're what it sounded like a
scream from upstairs girls going on no I
say we all just make a run for it do you
think whoever did this is this gonna let
us stroll right out through the front
door wait wait why is it my phone
working there's no service down here
just thinking that these could be our
only ticket out of here try not to
thanks so much we're gonna die oh my god
they're gonna die
you crazy girl
you
oh it's nothing get them so dat stage
proper so I was wrong
you